doc: Add documentation and examples for mongodbatlas_metric_integration (#4561)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/metric_integration.md

- `endpoint` (String) OpenTelemetry collector endpoint URL. Must use HTTPS.
- `headers` (Attributes List) HTTP headers for authentication and configuration. Total size limit 2KB. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--headers))
- `integration_type` (String) Type of metric integration. Identifies which protocol will be used for the integration. This value cannot be modified after the integration is created.
- `metric_selection` (Set of String) Array of metric categories to export. Determines which types of metrics are sent to the integration.
- `project_id` (String) Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies your project, also known as `groupId` in the official documentation.
- `provider_type` (String) The provider type for the metric integration. Identifies the third-party service provider.

### Read-Only

- `metric_integration_id` (String) Unique hexadecimal digit string that identifies the metric integration configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Header name.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Header value.

## Import

> Metric integration resource can be imported using the project ID and metric integration ID, separated by a slash, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metric integration resource can be imported using the project ID and metric integration ID, separated by a slash, for example:
```

Author: Addressed in [8c41a6e](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/4561/commits/8c41a6e572fad977c32f368970e4a45ac10e530a)
